Add teardown phase to doctests (#2577)
JuliaDocs/Documenter.jl: docs/src/showcase.md

DocTestSetup = nothing
```

### Teardown code

Dually to setup code described in the preceding section it can be useful to have code that

> gets executed *after* the actual doctest, for example to restore a setting or release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
gets executed *after* the actual doctest, perhaps to restore a setting or release
```

a resource acquired during setup.
For example, the following doctest expects that `setprecision` was used to
change the default precision for `BigFloat`. After the test completes, this should
be returned to the correct setting.

!!! note
    In real code it usually is better to use `setprecision` with a `do`-block
    to temporarily change the precion.

> ```jldoctest; setup=:(oldprec=precision(BigFloat);setprecision(BigFloat,20)), teardown=:(setprecision(BigFloat,oldprec))

Reviewer: I verified that if I remove the `teardown` here, the doctest fails.

So this constitutes a simple test for the teardown feature.
